Every day there is a new fire, a new
problem, problems on problems, and like
you think you're going to explode, but
it looks like you were dealing with a
lot of online hate, people just shaming
you, etc. People sent me the video of
her wearing the Pure Wet score. I went
numb. I couldn't even feel anything.
Swifties just started coming over. They
found it. And then we get like 16,000
pre-orders for that one score in that
color. I absolutely hate AI. There have
been instances where my videos are just
stolen off of my page. They've used AI
to actually change my face. I'm going to
keep fighting because it's not right. I
can't work for free for somebody else.
As a principle, I will never stop
fighting.
Hello everyone. Welcome to Silicon
Valley Girl. I have bloggers today. I am
so happy that you're here. We met in
2022. I think the creator uh summit
creator summit I remember and you were
doing this Pilates thing in the morning
which is amazing and I still have your
mat. Oh good. Which is a huge business
for you. So I'm excited to chat about
AI. Yep. Taking over everything and I'd
love your take on what it's like to run
a business in 2025 as a creator and also
a woman. So welcome welcome to Silicon
Valley girl. Thank you. I'm so excited
to be here. Can you tell me what's going
on with your business right now? So
there's two brands. There's Blogottis,
which is the retail exclusive to Target
brand. And just at the top of this year,
we launched Apparel at Target for the
very first time. It was all at all 1,800
stores in the very front gateway, which
was so cool because it really felt like
winning the retail Super Bowl. Like you
just don't get those opportunities. So
that was fully manufactured by our team.
We're the vendor. Um, that was a that
was such a crazy thing to pull off
because in under a year we had to figure
out how to produce 1.1 million units.
Yeah. And we had never done anything
like that before. The Poplex brand is my
DTOC brand that we mostly sell online.
Um, and and that one is at a higher
price point and really focused on
innovation
um, and performance and also just like
testing all sorts of things. I would say
the Target one is more active wear,
whereas Pop Flex started out with
activew wear and then has now evolved
into swimwear and underwear and like
casual dresses and stuff. So, I'm having
a lot of fun playing around with
innovation over there. That's that's
amazing that you have kind of two
similar but at the same time uh
different brands. How does it work when
you think about launching a new product?
Which brand does it go to? Pofflex is
where the innovation begins where I get
to have fun. Nobody tells me what I have
to do or or or can't do. Well, actually,
no. The customers tell me what I have to
do. And so, I love going into the
comments and figuring out, hey, what are
they looking for? What problems do they
need solving with? Um, but with Pop
Flex, we innovate, we product develop,
we try it out. And then with Target, um,
pretty much the the playbook right now
is that we take what works really well
with Pop Flex and I redesign it so that
it can hit a lower price point for the
target audience, which has been really
great because one of the biggest
complaints we get about Popflex is it's
too expensive. I can't afford it and
like specifically please launch at
Target. And so when that happened this
past January, it was it worked. I And I
was afraid though because here's the
thing. you launch with a brand at a
higher price point. Um, and then my my
next question was, is launching a brand
at half the price point going to
cannibalize my original brand? Yeah.
Right. And this was really just up in
the air. We didn't know. But the weird
thing is when we launched at Target for
Blogottis, it actually helped increase
revenue for Pop Flex, which is crazy.
But if you think about it, it was like
marketing being in front of the store.
Everyone got to see it. things sold out
so quick. There were like three specific
styles that 90% of the inventory sold
out within three days. It was insane.
Fascinating. It's crazy. But then on the
tag, on the tag, it tells a little bit
of a story about me and it says CEO and
head designer of Poplex and Blogotties.
And so people can go and figure out, oh,
maybe there's more if I can't get it
here. So, I think it was really, really
great for legitimacy um as a brand and
as a designer. And how do the margins
work? So with Target, you get a
licensing fee or you get like how how
does it work in general? Okay, that's a
really good question. Um, so with the
apparel, it wasn't licensing that was
fully like we are the vendor. So
essentially we are selling wholesale to
Target and then they mark up how they
decide to mark up in the front. However,
there is a fitness section where you see
the yoga mats and the dumbbells and
things that is a a licensing deal and so
I get paid a percent royalty on on that.
But the apparel is all manufactured by
us. Got it. In terms of revenue split,
what does your business look like these
days? Okay, so this is a really
interesting question because us both
coming from the creator space, from the
YouTube space, it is not what most
people would think it is. Not like
Google AdSense, but I had just talked to
my husband who's also the CEO of the
company. I was like, "Oh, wait. Let's
like look at these numbers again." It's
actually less than 1% of our revenue
comes from anything related to like uh
ads or pre-rolls or anything like that
or brand deals because I do not do brand
deals anymore. And let me tell you, I'm
so happy about that because honestly any
tension that came between me and my
husband were like about stick to the
brand deal guidelines and they told you
to do this but I'm like but I did do
that and he's like but legal says and it
was like so much like I hate that. So
yeah, um over 99% of our revenue comes
from the apparel businesses. I really
loved what Cassie said right here. You
do not grow a brand like Poplex or
Blogatis without being truly authentic.
You have to be connected to your
audience and you have to be telling them
stories all the time through different
mediums. And that me brings us something
I talk a lot about in our business,
email marketing. For us, email marketing
has been historically generating around
20% of all the sales when it comes to
Lingua Trip, when it comes to my school
where where I'm helping international
creators build their businesses. And
this is where we tell our stories in
text and keeping that channel strong is
non-negotiable. That's why I can
recommend a platform called Omnisend.
It's an all-in-one marketing platform
for email, SMS, pop-ups, push
notifications, and segmentation with one
very intuitive dashboard. With 150,000
businesses using Omnisend, it's not just
a tool to send emails. It's where you
build relationships with your customers.
It's where you learn what groups of
customers you have and you learn how to
communicate with them better. There are
a few things that I love the most about
Omniscent. First of all, it's pricing.
You can start for free. You only scale
when your business does and you don't
have to pay for features that you're not
using. There's support. Even on their
free plan, you get 247 support. A
customer representative gets back to you
in minutes, which again crucial. Imagine
you have a sale going on and something
is not working. You need someone to fix
it right away and Omniscent customer
support is there for you. And third, the
platform is really clean and intuitive.
If you're sending a launch email, just
use your campaign type, write a short,
punchy subject line like how to not lose
your job in the age of AI. Fill in your
info, pick a template, customize, hit
send, and you're done. So, if you're
launching active wear like Cassie, or
you're launching something else, email
is still powering DTOC direct to
consumer. And Omnisend makes it
effortless. Check out the link in the
description. Use code SVGirl30 to get
30% off your first three months. All
right, back to our interview. In terms
of marketing, what works these days? For
marketing, it's organic, which is also
very different than a traditional DTOC
online brand who from what I hear, they
rely heavily on, you know, meta ads and
things like that. So, luckily for me,
because I do come from a content creator
background, I really enjoy making
content. And so you probably have seen
some of these videos where I'm talking
about the design, um, the why, where it
came from, what problem we're solving. I
show them the actual sketch throughout
the development, some samples, things
that didn't work out. And taking people
on the journey behind a product is
really interesting. And I didn't think
it would be, but people are really
interested. And what's crazy is that
what is a fun piece of content for me to
film, edit, voice over, and by the way,
I still do all of that myself, which is
kind of crazy. Wow. I know. I know. I
know. It's like really unconventional.
It's It's really hard. It's too much
going on at once, but like one 60-cond
video takes about 9 hours to make. And I
am literally the one editing in Cap Cut
and InShot on my phone. But I choose to
do this. Everyone's like, "Cassie, you
need to get an editor." And I had that
life before. I had the life of
horizontal content, long form fitness
videos. We had an editor. We'd come
back, you know, you go in um I forget
what that program is, but you know, put
the notes and everything, but that I
lost the joy in all that. And being able
to talk about the product and the design
because each design feels like my baby
has brought the joy back into editing
for me. How many videos a week? Um I'm
averaging one right now, but sometimes I
feel like it. I can do like two, but
it's a lot because it's like I'm part
content creator, part CEO and head
designer. And so like during the normal
workday, I have the normal meetings and
product development calls and fittings
and things like that. And it's only
after hours when I can like sit in the
corner of the couch and like I'm just
editing for like seven hours straight
until my hands cramp. Um, but anyway,
what I was trying to say is that the
organic videos, they work and they sell.
Like sometimes a video goes viral the
thing can sell out within a few hours
which is insane. Um so that's working
for us which is very atypical of a DTOC
business. Now that's the blogotties and
this is where it gets confusing. So I
started out on YouTube with the screen
name Blogotties. So essentially these
days I think if people started out it'd
be like Cassie Ho or something. So
anyway Blogotties is my my channels
across the board. So I make my content
for my pages. Nobody touches that.
However, I will say that there is a
Poplex IG and YouTube and Tik Tok and
that is a separate marketing team. So,
we have videos go over there too. And I
will say both organic videos on both
sides really do sell really really well.
And one type of organic video that sells
well on the PFL side is what we produce
at what we call a content house. And so
we reach out to women in our community,
sizes extra extra small all the way to
3X. So that's nine different sizes. and
we put the girls in like the same uh
baby doll dress or something and they
all get to walk out, model, and now
people get to see, oh, this is what
someone like me might look like. Okay,
that's a medium, that's a 1X, that's a
size small. And it's really fun to like
create with our community. So that that
also sells. And how how does it work? So
you just DM your customers like, "Hey,
do you want to be in the video or?" So
we do an open casting call. We do an
open casting call. people have to send
in videos because honestly it's not just
even about like the modeling, it's about
the personality, the charisma, like what
shows through the screen, right? And
also the girls having a good time with
each other because they're all nice and
kind. And so luckily the ones that we
have put on, everyone is just so excited
to be there. Um, of course they get
compensated through pay, but also they
get to keep all the clothes that they
get that day that haven't been released.
So that's super exciting for them too.
Yeah. So on the organic side, that is
what's working for Blogotties and then
for Pop Flex. But I will say something
really interesting we should talk about
is Tik Tok lives.
Yeah, that's a huge thing these days,
right? Huge. Oh my god. Okay, so this
was wild. Sam and I were on a little
weekend trip and we were just checking
like Shopify sales and we're like, whoa,
did someone just mention something? Like
what's going on? We started seeing like
all these Pure Wet scors, which is the
skirt that Taylor Swift wore um and my
patented squirt just like for whatever
reason it was just going like up and
we're like what's going on? We couldn't
figure it out. So, we go on Slack. We're
messaging everyone like, "Hey, did look,
did something happen? Did someone
mention us?" And we find out there's
this girl with 1,900 followers on
TikTok. So, she's not like really a big
a big content creator at all or creator
at all. She has gone live for like five
or six hours and she's just showing the
score that she's wearing and answering
questions and she brought a huge spike
that day. Oh, wow. It was insane.
There's something about like I don't
know like this is also another
conversation but like I feel like as the
influencer industry has evolved
it's like consumers have lost trust in
it because it's become almost like this
fancy pedestal like thing whereas a
normal girl with 1900 followers she's
going to tell you the truth like or at
least that's the perception right and
she sold some skirts so that was crazy.
Talk to me about Taylor. How did that
happen? Oh my god. Okay, so I am a huge
Taylor Swift fan. I've been listening to
her music since 2008, Tear Drops on My
Guitar, and she's honestly like my
favorite musician, singer, songwriter,
and honestly businesswoman. So, um, when
on April 19th of last year, people sent
me the video of her wearing the Pure Wet
score, I went numb. I like couldn't even
believe it. I couldn't even feel
anything because I was feeling
everything. Do you know what I'm saying?
Like I basically died and it was insane.
Um, one because that was like ultimate
dream fulfilled. Like out of any
celebrity in the world, if there was one
person that I wanted to wear Pop Flex,
it would be her and it happened, which
is so crazy. Did you Did you send it to
her or No, no, no, no, no. People ask me
all the time, "Oh, did you send it to
her?" Like, no. Like Taylor Swift was a
billionaire. She can buy whatever she
wants, right? And also, she's very
intentional with what she buys. So
sometimes I wonder I wonder like did she
know all the stuff I was going through
fighting for you know the rights to
protect my design in the same way that
she protects her music or did she just
see it on TikTok and she liked it and
she bought I will never know. What
happened to sales? Oh yeah. Okay. So
that digital lavender pure wet squirt
sold out within one hour on the website.
Like Swifties just started coming over.
They found it and when Taylor Swift
styled the Instagram account like
confirmed it, that's when the sales
started coming in like wild. And then
within two hours, every single color of
that score, it started selling out. Um,
and then we're like, uh, okay, well,
what do we do, right? Because we're
getting all this traffic and we got to
do something. And we usually never do a
pre-sale, but we're like, okay, may
maybe it's time to do a pre-sale. I
don't know. So immediately we put a
pre-sale up that night. Um, and then we
get like 16,000 pre-orders for that one
score in that color. Wow. Yeah. Which
was insane. And then we had to work
really hard to get that reorder up and
going because, you know, we've got to
weave the fabric, dye the fabric, cut
and sew. Like, it's a whole process. Um,
and people eventually got it a few
months later. And I'm just so happy.
That's amazing. Such a cool moment.
Okay. with all the crazy things that
you're telling me. Have you ever had
thoughts of like let just Sam, your
husband, handle everything and I will
just enjoy life. You know what Sam says
that to me all the time. He is he's
often tired and he's like, "What what if
what if we just like chilled out for a
second? What what if all this growth was
enough?" You know, like what if we just
sailed? But like it's the way my ra my
parents raised me. I'm just like
nothing's ever good enough and like we
must keep growing and and to be honest
like it's fun but at the same time I do
feel especially this year you know
writing two different brands I am
exhausted. I'm exhausted mentally um
often emotionally too because not only
am I dealing with bigger problems with
the business as we grow our team I'm now
taking on the emotional toll of what my
team's going through. So if they're
tired then I'm tired for them. And so uh
yeah, it's extremely exhausting. And I
think what is not helpful, but maybe
helpful is that this way in which we
hire is
I think it's different than how other
businesses may hire. I I hire slowly
because I've been through toxic employee
periods and I I'm terrified. I'm
terrified of that because that can
crumble everything and it almost did in
like 2017 2018 times. Um, and so
any fractures that we're seeing right
now, they're stress fractures and it's
coming from our growth is outpacing the
pace at which I'm hiring. And so that's
something that I'm trying to deal with
right now. Like I know there are good
people out there, but it's not just
about the skill, it's about the culture
fit. And what we have on the team right
now is so good, and I'm just terrified
of breaking what we have. How many
people do you have? So we have 30 people
right now. Mhm. And that's so cool.
That's a really lean team. Very lean.
Very lean for what we do. I think that's
why we're all really tired. Yeah. What
do you think is going to happen with AI?
What is your take? Are you automating
things? What apps are you using? So,
my husband uh is a very he's a fan of
Chat GPT. Um, but me coming from more of
a designer artist background, I
absolutely hate AI when it comes to
stealing from original artwork because
AI would not be able to do what it's
doing without pulling from previous
work. So, in that aspect, I absolutely
hate it. I think there needs to be some
type of royalty built in or something so
that if you are taking inspiration from
you know whoever artist and you have to
type in that person's name to get that
look then just based on that alone okay
5% needs to go back to original artist
or 10% or whatever I think that needs to
be in place then I think people would be
less mad but right now it's like totally
wild west with AI that's how I feel on
that front um but in terms of like you
know travel plans fans and like fun
little searches here and there. It's
helpful. I'm I'm warming up to it. But
like on the artist side, I absolutely
hate it. But do you see it helping you
stay lean with your team like because
you're utilizing more AI tools or it's
not there yet? No, I right now I don't
really see at least with on on the
apparel and um the apparel and product
development side. I don't I really don't
see how it can help us right now. Um, I
think we've dabbled in a little bit of
bit of it with the copy on our website.
Um, there probably are different areas
we could start using it. I think there
could be cuz what I'm seeing right now
as we're growing our design and
development team, there seems to be like
this lack of new young people in the
technical designer space because I think
everyone wants to be a fashion designer,
a graphic designer, but like technical
design is really like architecture of
clothing. It's very mathematical, very
science. And I just wonder that's
probably a good area for AI to like
begin helping, especially if the young
people don't want to get into that
field. Like I'm I'm actually having a
lot of trouble hiring in that specific
role. Interesting. Yeah. So maybe maybe
someone will come up with something to
help with pattern making. Yeah. Yeah.
That makes it easier. And I and I know
that's probably different than how more
of the the techy people feel about it,
but it's just because I've been so
burned and taken advantage of just even
without AI or no actually with AI in
terms of my my patented products too and
like uh you know they've been duped by
the Sheen multiple vendors on Amazon,
Tik Tok shop and these days the big
American retailers have gotten in on the
game which is insane. Right now, um, I'm
dealing with Nordstrom Rack, TJ Maxx,
Kohl's, J C Penney, just recently VS
Pink, as in Victoria's Secret. And these
are patented products. And what I'm
dealing with right now is that, you
know, I pay thousands of dollars to get
my design patent um, approved. And
obviously, it doesn't automatically get
approved. You have to prove a lot of
different things. Anyway, pay thousands
of dollars, the US PTO issues me a
design patent. You would think that's
enforcable. And for the most part, it
kind of is, but when you get to the
stage of having to deal with big billion
dollar corporations, it's now a money
game because do I have any type of
police helping me enforce this patent?
No. Actually, it's me paying uh
thousands of dollars an hour for my
lawyers to talk to their lawyers. And
this is kind of where I am right now.
And it's extremely frustrating because,
you know, it's my artwork, my work for
free, them capitalizing off of work that
they've stolen from me. So, that's how I
feel about that. And in terms of AI,
there have been instances where my
videos are just stolen off of my page.
They've used AI to actually change my
face. Oh, yeah. Happens to me all the
time. And you promote a scam with your
face. Yeah. Oh my god. No. It's crazy.
And they can't do anything the platforms
cuz they just Yeah. So what what happens
when bigger companies they steal your
patent, you try to sue them or talk to
them? Have you ever been able to win
something or it just goes like that?
Well, right now my immediate goal is get
it off the website or get it off uh the
platform. And it's completely a game of
whack-a-ole. And what the problem is
that the platform puts it on the small
business, the creator, whatever, because
they're hands off. So you fill out this
form. It's such a long form, but you
fill it out like multiple times a day.
Like just for example, the other week
just on that pure wet squirt that I was
talking about, the one that Taylor wore,
um I think there were what was it
like 233 or 433? I should look again.
dupes, separate dupe listings of that
one squirt on Tik Tok shop alone. I'm
not even talking about Amazon, okay? I'm
not talking about Teeu. I'm not talking
about AliExpress. That was just Tik Tok
shop. And my frustration with it is,
okay, sure, we could be losing, you
know, money from whatever that we could
have made from the real thing. However,
my bigger fear is that it cheapens the
design. You see it now everywhere. It's
no longer special. And then confusion. I
mean, I've even had fans DM me and be
like, "Oh, do you also run this
subbrand?" Because they've not only
copied the designs, they copied my
marketing, too. Even the angles of where
I film, hiring a model with my body type
and my skin color. Like, it gets so deep
and so confusing that it ends up hurting
the brand reputation. And I've actually
had people, what I think, bought from
one of these fake videos, right? It
links over to their stupid drop ship
website. They buy it and the pictures
are my model pictures, my description,
whatever. So, they're completely duped.
Then they'll receive the product and
then come back to my page and blame me
for Yeah. slow shipping, bad quality,
like things they call it that like is
not even on the real product. Like
that's the level of confusion that is so
dangerous and tarnishing to a brand. But
it feels like at this point it it became
part of the culture and there's I don't
know if you can do anything for like
Louis Vuitton bags the fake ones are
everywhere and you're like just accept
it. Have you ever thought of like no no
I I can't accept it. I'm going to keep
fighting. I'm going to keep fighting
because it's not right. I can't work for
free for somebody else. Um I I just I as
a principal I will never stop fighting.
I can't. Yeah. And talk to me about that
cuz you also uh you stopped posting
right the long form and I've from what
I've read it looks like you were dealing
with a lot of online hate and like
people just shaming you etc. Yeah. Uh do
you think you stopped because of that or
was there any other reason? That was a
big part of it. So I've never really
talked about this officially. So I'm
glad you brought it up. Um so I used to
make long form fitness videos since 2009
as a Pilates instructor. That is crazy
though. Yeah. 20 2009. Isn't that
insane? Yeah. So, I did that because I
wanted to stay connected with my real
life students and it was meant for 40
people. I put up a video for them cuz I
was moving from LA to Boston for my
first job and that's it. I wasn't
planning to start a YouTube channel. I
weren't wasn't starting a brand, nothing
like that. You couldn't even make money
on YouTube back then. And then that
video ended up getting thousands of
views and hundreds of comments and
Blogotties became like this fitness
channel and community. And what I didn't
expect, because this never happens in
real life, was for people to
say something negative about my body.
Because if anything, I'll tell you, I
was afraid to be like, "Oh, she's not
pointing her toes enough. Her legs
aren't straight enough. Uh, like her
form is bad." Never got any of those
comments. The first mean comments I got
were, "Ugh, why is she so fat? Why is
her butt so flat? Uh, why does she look
like that?" And having grown up chubby
and having to deal with my own like body
insecurities, that just hit me so deep
in a place that I wasn't ready to like I
I was barely even healing from it
inside. And now I'm having to heal or
not even heal, but just like deal with
it head on um in front of millions of
people. And so that was just a constant
thing that was happening in the
background. But that wasn't why I I
stopped everything. If I'm being
completely honest, I was no longer
feeling emotionally and mentally
challenged with my content. And just as
the person that I am, and content being
an extension of who I am, not just
something that I do, I want to find the
joy in it. And towards the end of when I
posted my last long form video, which is
probably like 2021,
I wanted to show people more of the
other things I was doing. Like yes, I
was doing uh the fitness videos that you
saw, but in the background I was running
an apparel business and I wanted to show
people that side of me. And so my first
short form video was just showing people
like, oh, the science behind cameltoe,
like why does that happen? And I was
honestly really surprised that it did
well. And I was like, oh, maybe I can
try to make more of these. And they
ended up working. They ended up selling
the product and they ended up helping me
show a different side of myself. And
like I said at the top of this
interview, it brought the joy back into
the editing for me. And so I also I
switched my content for me so that I
could feel happy with um what I was
producing and and also challenged with
what I was producing. But have you ever
feared that going back will not generate
as much views as it used to or you're
never going back to one form? Well,
here's the thing. I've never made an
official announcement because who knows?
like maybe I will one day want to be
like, "Oh, let's just like do a squat
challenge or something." Like that's
still there. Um, in this moment right
now, I'm just so in love with product
development, design that that's the
content that I want to make. Um, and
should I go back? Like, let's see. I
think the other day, not the other day,
the other month when I was um launching
the the blogotties for Target brand, I
taught a fitness class in front of a
group of people, which I haven't done in
a long time, and it was super fun. like
that part of me will always be here
because I've been teaching since like
200 like six. So, um that group fitness
instructor Cassie will never go away. I
love fitness. I work out every single
morning. That's part of my routine. I
just really needed a break from that.
Um, but but I will say too, the moment
that I switched from fitness content to
fashion content, not one person has said
one negative thing about my body, which
made me realize, oh man, I was dealing
with a lot of toxic like Yeah.
negativity for a long time. Feeling so
bad about my body for a long time. And
it was like I was in the wrong industry.
Yeah. Yeah. And I just I didn't look
like the other girls. You probably get
negative comments still, right? Probably
now about your business. Yeah, it's like
here's the thing. They they don't attack
my body, which is like But they might
attack Yeah. They might attack like,
"Oh, your squirts are too short." Like,
okay, like I can deal with that. Um,
what I can't deal with though is some
one, this is the worst one. I remember
they attacked, this is back in the
fitness days, one of the comments was,
"Oh, if you cared more about your
career, you would lose some weight." And
that one hurt so much because not only
did it attack my body, it attacked my
work ethic and nobody attacks my work
ethic because I work so hard. And so if
any comment today, um, you know, say
what you want about the peril, everyone
is subjective and it has their own, you
know, likes and stuff, but say anything
about my my my work ethic and that that
really hurts because it's just untrue.
Um, but you know, with the negative
comments from back in the day, there was
a video that I made, forget when it was,
like probably 2015 or 2016, where I
honestly could not take it anymore cuz
it was coming from every angle. Um, and
I really was crumbling on the inside.
And so what I did was I took all these
negative comments and I produced this
video called the perfect body where I
photoshopped on camera how these
comments wanted me to look. thinner
waist, bigger boobs, bigger butt, um
bigger eyes even, right? And that for me
was something I needed to do for myself
to heal because when I heal, I like
taking the negative energy, turning it
turning it on its head, and turning it
into something positive. So, I put that
video out for me. What I didn't expect
was for it to go crazy viral. I think
that was like my first crazy viral video
that got on like Good Morning America on
like every single news outlet. Like it
was insane. And I got messages from
fathers telling me they shared it with
their daughters and their wives and it
had like this profound impact. And
around 2016 was also like the body
positive movement. And so I think during
that time that's kind of just what
everyone needed. So there was good that
came out of those negative comments but
man they they really hurt. Can you give
advice to girls? Oh, anyone going online
these days trying to make something and
getting all this hate and maybe they're
thinking of stopping um to do what
they're doing because of that. Here's
the thing. If you really believe in what
you're doing and you're not hurting
anyone and you're having a fun time,
just do it, right? Like at the core of
all of this, we can't keep going unless
we're having fun, right? Because we're
the content creator. Um but in these
comments, some of them are hateful, but
some of them can have a little bit of
truth.
So, I read all my comments all the time.
Oh, you still do? Oh my god. Yes. Do you
not? I read them for the first couple
hours because I know these are my loyal
subscribers watching, but then when the
video goes viral, like I don't really
care. Yeah. It's too much. It's too
much. Agree on the first few hours like
reading everything in and writing back
cuz it's fun cuz you get these are your
friends really. This is your community.
But then if it starts getting more
traction than average and all of these
people come in and like start commenting
on my age, whatever. Oh my god. Well,
when it gets to the wrong side of the
internet, it's bad. But it when it's
viral, when it's viral, it's viral. No,
I know, I know, I know, I know. Um, but
yeah, I mean, look, I think there's
there's truth in some comments and there
there can be self-reflection, but look,
if you're having fun and it's working,
like, just keep going because you your
content will find the right people.
Yeah. So, if you stop making your short
videos today, how would that affect your
sales? I think that would affect the
sales because right now around I think
70% of the revenue is brought in by
organic videos. Yeah. Whether it's
organic videos by by me by by blogotties
like me or by um the pot flex organic
videos but mostly by at blogotties
videos. Oh that is huge. Yeah. 70%. Yeah
that's a lot. I know it's very very
different than um normal DTC brands that
rely on the ads. Yeah. Yeah. So, it's
good but also again
if I stopped um I look I think there
would be an impact but I don't think the
brand would die because our SMS as well
as our newsletter does really really
well. Like the clickthrough and the open
rate are really high. People love it.
Honestly, what's been really cool to see
is that sometimes
people might follow Pop Flex but not
follow me or like they might know Poplex
but not know me. And I really like that
because that's showing that this is a
brand beyond, you know, any influencer
influence or just, you know, anything
that has to do with Cassie Hoe because
my goal is for Pop Flex to become a
legacy brand that lives on for hundreds
of years after I die. And that
foundation for this type of brand and
this type of product needs to start now
while I'm still alive, right? So, um,
yeah, but but if I did stop, it would
make an impact. So your number one
marketing strategy would be your content
and second the content that your brand
produces. Are you tapping into UGC or
live shopping? Uh so personally I
haven't done the live shopping myself. I
should try it though. I should try it.
Be perfect for it. You'll see. I I think
you'll see another try it. I should try
it. I also like I like being in front of
the camera. It's fun. Um uh what was it?
UC UGC. So okay, I don't know about you,
but I think UGC is trending down over
the past few years. they've become less
effective for our brand. Okay. Because
it feels there's something about it that
feels too produced or something like
that. And like we we you know I would
say three years ago when UGC was like
super new and brands were using it
instead of like highly uh produced
content. It it was interesting but now I
don't know. I just it doesn't feel as
authentic. What feels authentic right
now are team content videos. So, like
I'll have the marketing team come to my
house and like we'll film like some fun
videos and stuff and like that does well
for us. And then also the the content
house videos where we bring our
customers over in nine sizes and we wear
the same dress and we model around. But
yeah, for some reason like UGC and just
in the likes that I'm seeing on the IG
post like not as good as they used to
be. Interesting. The reason why
Blogotties has been around for so long
is because I eb and flow with the
algorithm with the trends. You just
don't know. Like, is Tik Tok going to be
here in the next 90 days? Like, I don't
know. It seems to be changing all the
time. So, I'll change as it changes, but
I can't really tell you how it'll change
because it's kind of dictated by the the
social media environment. Even in the
failing, we're going to figure something
out because we have to. That's I love
that. It actually gives you some
confidence. Yeah, of course. Like,
you've made it this far. Like, what's
stopping you from like figuring it out
again and again and again? Like I feel
like every literally every day there is
a new fire, a new problem. Problems on
problems and like you think you're going
to explode, but you don't and you just
figure it out as painful as it is and
you get stronger for it. True. Yeah.
I've read I think it's on Wikipedia your
father's quote when you told him you
want to be a designer and he said you're
not going to have friends and Oh yeah.
Uhhuh. What does he say now? Uh,
unfortunately, this is a uh an area
where I still need to improve our
relationship. Um,
honestly, we're not really talking too
much right now. Yeah. And I think a lot
of this goes back to
I was always the obedient daughter. I
always did what my parents wanted. And
when I finally decided to live for
myself in college and, you know, drop
out of that last class I needed to take
the MCAT and, you know, possibly apply
to med school, I think that was really
disrespectful for them. Um, and I became
this like rebellious person. And
unfortunately,
uh, regardless of everything that's
happened now, my my mom's different, but
my dad my mom is very proud. She's very
proud. But I think my dad still holds a
grudge um for many things. Interesting.
Yeah. Yeah. Respect runs really really
deep I think in like the Asian culture
and Vietnamese and of Vietnamese and
Chinese background and I think he is
still hurt by that and some other things
that are in parallel to that and because
of that. Well, I hope I hope it
improves. Can you give advice to
everyone who's starting a business in
2025?
Oo, starting a business in 2025. um you
know whether it's 2025 or in the future
or you know even way before then you
have to find the joy in what you're
doing
at least for me I have always followed
my heart and it's always taken me to the
right place even if it's the most
windiest
painful path it always takes you to the
right place and it's what is going to
keep you going when you feel like
quitting your passion can take you over
those humps. Um,
that's one thing just on the internal.
Um, but on the external, look for a
problem that hasn't been solved yet. If
you can solve that problem, you've got a
business, period. Um, and I guess third,
I guess I'm just going to tack now,
like, use social media, have fun, make
content about the process. People love
that. They love being taken on the
journey. Um, and I think with those like
three different things, like let your
personality shine through. And because a
business is more than more than just a
thing that you're selling. It's more
than just the marketing of the thing
that you're selling. It's the story.
It's the brand and it's the journey and
the customer wants to be a part of that
journey. Love it. Thank you so much.
This was really inspiring. What I'm
taking away is that phrase that will
have in my head now when I have this
fear of like, what if it all goes down?
I'll figure it out. You're going to
figure it out because you have to. You
have to. I love that. I love that. Thank
you so much. Thank you.